Allow output(x) <- TRUE syntax (#136)
mrc-ide/odin2: vignettes/functions.Rmd

`odin2` supports many functions that you'd expect to see for constructing dynamical models.  These include most common mathematical operations and some that are quite obscure.  The support for stochastic models and comparison to data comes from `monty`.

# Variables

Conceptually, a system is entirely determined by its **variables**; these are the state of the system.

* for continuous time (ODE) models, these are the equations that you have time derivatives for, represented by `deriv()` on the left-hand-side of an assignment

> * for discrete time models, these are the equations that you have `update()` equations for, for describing the recurrence equation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* for discrete time models, these are the equations that you have `update()` expressions for, for describing the recurrence relation.
```

Reviewer: Or something that removes the number of equations in that sentence!
